Optionally remove Status handler_id prefix. (#579)
nolar/kopf: docs/status.rst

> =======
> Updating Status
> =======

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===============
Updating Status
===============
```

Kopf will take the return value of all state-changing handlers (even

> sub-handlers) and add them to the ``Status`` of the corresponding Kuberenetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sub-handlers) and add them to the ``.status`` stanza of the corresponding Kubernetes
```

resource.  By default, this is stored under the handler id which by default is 
the function name.

.. note::

    The ``CustomResourceDefinition`` requires that the fields that will be set in
    status have a corresponding schema.

    You could also use ``x-kubernetes-preserve-unknown-fields: true``::

      schema:
        openAPIV3Schema:
          type: object
          properties:
            status:
              type: object
              x-kubernetes-preserve-unknown-fields: true
            spec:
              ...

Given the following handler definition::

    import kopf

    @kopf.on.create('zalando.org', 'v1', 'kopfexamples')
    def my_handler(spec, **_):

>         return {'field': 'value}

Reviewer: Can you please wrap all code blocks here (before and after this comment) to their specific language highlights?

This is one of the following instead of `::`:

```
.. code-block:: yaml
.. code-block:: python
```

I'm highly uncertain if there is any kind of automatic language detection in SphinxDocs.

The resulting object will have the following data::

    spec:
      ...
    status:
      my_handler:
        field: value

In order to remove the handler ID from the result, you may set the optional
``status_prefix=False`` when defining the handler.

So with the handler definition::

    import kopf

    @kopf.on.create('zalando.org', 'v1', 'kopfexamples', status_prefix=False)
    def my_handler(spec, **_):
        return {'field': 'value}

The resulting object will have the following data::

    spec:
      ...
    status:

>       field: value

Reviewer: **Important:** What will happen with `return "hello"` or `return 123` or other scalars?  What about `return ["abc", "def"]`?
